would you crack the replay votes for me
my friend absolutely thank you Mike for
that yesterday you know I used to work
at a place where you sell falafel
everything flooding in my friends Thank
You Lafitte
meanwhile our pan is nice and hot to
begin with we're gonna use one of my
favorite things that we're actually
going to put inside of my breakfast
burrito here in keeping with this theme
we are going to put in a special sausage
here called chorizo oh I love anyone
little more spice in those meanwhile
right let's see if we can't get a
close-up here in this pan here how close
we get in here but meanwhile we've got
our to resew working right there and
inside of our farewell just going to
start rendering out a little bit I'm
crumbling it all up so they just the
chorizo that's that's I mean it's a
little spicier sauce a little spicier
sausage okay meanwhile just this one and
just a touch of oil just to get it going
now we're gonna make certain mmm
everybody back there can you smell it
see what you got neither smellivision
we actually have more folks in a whole
audience that we've normally had so we
see folks smiling out there because they
just want to eat no may walk on the bar
and do scrambled eggs except for
yourself but you know me up I'll steal
your huevos look we've got our sausage
browning here mmm
folks who you know even though you can't
see them I want to be able to hear is
that smelling doing folks
so we got our chorizo meanwhile I'm
quickly just going to chop some onion
once again folks always like to see how
chefs do it I have a different technique
but I do it just kind of turn the knife
it's so pretty
we have how long did it take you to
figure that out I was about to say I've
been doing this for 20 years
meanwhile we're gonna add our onion to
it okay anything else chopped up I want
to say as a matter of fact why don't you
chop it up a little red little red bell
pepper all right meme the whole thing
we'll just take enough it looks nice in
there no
but a little bit more heat to this we're
gonna have a little bit more of a
Serrano chili since we knows that this
is a very hot yeah we don't need to add
more spice to that well I enjoy it but
you know if you're cooking and you might
want to tone it down just a touch so
we're just going to add a little a
serrano to it oh look at that buddy it's
all getting there oh that's the part
that most folks want to see chef's do
you know my kids see the good thing
about professional chefs is that they
get to practice this in the professional
kitchen where they have people to clean
person to clean up meanwhile this is
working brother Brian I promised I come
away I was gonna do something that we
hadn't done before so I'm actually gonna
do is you know folks you guys can't see
this mystery filter somebody like takes
a piece of sausage over there oh you
guys can't see it well who wants to try
a piece Wilson try a piece of sausage
about half God mr. Treviso
oh there we go we're back again oh there
we go
I throw a pepper on the only other
difference though - between a commercial
kitchen in the home kitchen knows that
we've seen that before
this would have been done like like BAM
home kitchen takes a little bit long
because we got family around we're
talking about all kinds of different
things all skin Valene while that's
working our sausage is rendered now
we're about to go with our onion I mean
with our eggs for so rendered means
cooked rendered means it was cooked so
yeah I was trying to go for the
impressive height thing that's
impressive
so you - actually scrambled now while
he's dicing up till there simply look at
this I just grab a bunch of cilantro
right quick rough chop Oh on the inside
how much did that measure and already
diced up my favourite tomatoes tomatoes
great Tomatoes boom oh it's one of the
best things about cooking because you
don't really have to what you don't
really have to measure a whole lot you
do it till it tastes good you know there
was a someone I think I was talking to
Dre kale for those of you who don't know
Drake he's our producer I was telling
her about a woman by the name of her to
make roses they're actually wrote a book
called vibration cook as he talks about
look I gotta cook I feel you got to get
in there don't worry about the
measurements just make it work so
meanwhile over here under a nice towel
you've been keeping our tortillas ready
to go
and while brian is doing is I'm actually
gonna make one of mine and get them
ready so here we go I'm gonna take some
of our Mexican cheese we've got our
blended cheese mix right here I'm just
gonna spread it on the inside don't have
to melt it because we have enough heat
here so now let's take a look at it
we've got our Therese oh and all that
good stuff and yes I made more than we
need for the one that I'm going to show
because we have a lot of hungry folks
here who've been waiting basically
leftovers work from breakfast to
leftovers definitely work for breakfast
but that's also what's good about this
breakfast burrito little odds and ends
bits and pieces that little piece of
onion that's left the roof or everybody
has that little piece of pepper cut out
to a burrito
now the follow portion notice how I do
it I kind of come like a little v roll
it over bring it under a tuk-tuk in the
side see we even roll it a little
differently exactly and I'll let mine
sit there for a while
just let that moisture okay I'm sorry
one for the counter I'm sorry baby now
Drake heel squares I made this one day
with cucumbers we're in the heck she got
that from I don't need a breakfast
Pierre whatever she was take a nice
sharp knife here
just to make sure that we have a nice
adjoint I think we thought you guys
about this before now this does not
sharpen your knife it only puts in our
warning hose